refactor(LibCarla, Carla): rename DDS middleware abstraction to Middleware (#9711)
carla-simulator/carla: CHANGELOG.md

## Latest Changes

>  * Renamed the ROS2 middleware abstraction directory `LibCarla/source/carla/ros2/dds/` to `middleware/` and dropped the `DDS` prefix from all abstraction-layer symbols (`IDDSPublisherMiddleware` → `IPublisherMiddleware`, `DDSMiddleware` enum → `Middleware`, `DDSMiddlewareFactory` → `MiddlewareFactory`, `CARLA_ROS2_DDS_*` macros → `CARLA_ROS2_MIDDLEWARE_*`, `Settings.DDSMiddlewareName` → `Settings.ROS2MiddlewareName`) to prepare for non-DDS middleware backends such as Zenoh. Vendor-specific FastDDS and CycloneDDS class names are unchanged. Pure rename, no behavior change

Reviewer: This message is very large, especially compared with the styling of logs. I suggest this version:

```suggestion
Renamed the ROS2 abstraction layer from dds/DDS* to generic middleware/Middleware* naming to support future non-DDS backends like Zenoh. FastDDS and CycloneDDS vendor classes are unchanged.
```

Author: Thanks @JArmandoAnaya , I have applied your suggested.
